[serve][docs] Consolidate production guides, add kuberay docs to it (#27747)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/production-guide/index.md

(serve-in-production)=

# Production Guide

> The recommended way to run Ray Serve in production is on Kubernetes using the [KubeRay](kuberay-quickstart) [RayService] custom resource.

Reviewer: The slightly awkward thing is that we currently consider this recommended way of running Serve to be alpha.
Should we express this fact here?

Author: Yeah it's a good point, let me soften the language and clarify...

> The RayService custom resource automatically handles important production requirements such as health checking, status reporting, failure recovery, and upgrades.

Reviewer: It's splitting hairs, but
`RayService custom resource` -> `RayService controller`

For more details, you can check out the other pages in the production guide:
- Understand the [Serve config file format](serve-in-production-config-file).
- Understand how to [deploy on VMs using the Serve CLI](serve-in-production-deploying).
- Understand how to [deploy on Kubernetes using KubeRay](serve-in-production-kubernetes).
- Understand how to [monitor running Serve applications](serve-monitoring).

(serve-in-production-example)=

## Working example: FruitStand application

Throughout the production guide, we will use the following Serve application as a working example.
The application takes in requests containing a list of two values, a fruit name and an amount, and returns the total price for the batch of fruits.

```{literalinclude} ../doc_code/production_fruit_example.py
:language: python
:start-after: __fruit_example_begin__
:end-before: __fruit_example_end__
```

Save this code locally in `fruit.py` to follow along.
In development, we would likely use the `serve run` command to iteratively run, develop, and repeat (see the [Development Workflow](serve-dev-workflow) for more information).

> When we're read to go to production, we will generate a structured [config file](serve-in-production-config-file) that acts as the single source of truth for the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When we're ready to go to production, we will generate a structured [config file](serve-in-production-config-file) that acts as the single source of truth for the application.
```

The RayService custom resource automatically handles important production requirements such as health checking, status reporting, failure recovery, and upgrades.
If you're not running on Kubernetes, you can also run Ray Serve on a Ray cluster directly using the Serve CLI.

This section should help you:

- understand the [Serve config file format](serve-in-production-config-file).
- understand how to deploy on VMs using the [Serve CLI](serve-in-production-deploying).
- understand how to deploy on Kubernetes using a [`KubeRay` `RayService`](serve-in-production-kubernetes).
- understand how to [monitor running Serve applications](serve-monitoring).

(serve-in-production-example)=

## Working example: FruitStand application

Throughout the production guide, we will use the following Serve application as a working example.
The application takes in requests containing a list of two values, a fruit name and an amount, and returns the total price for the batch of fruits.

```{literalinclude} ../doc_code/production_fruit_example.py
:language: python
:start-after: __fruit_example_begin__
:end-before: __fruit_example_end__

> ```

Reviewer 3: This is empty in rendering btw.

Author: thanks, let me take a look

> This code is saved in the `fruit.py` file and the final deployment graph that we want to deploy is assigned to the `deployment_graph` variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To follow along, save the code in a file named `fruit.py`. We will deploy the `deployment_graph` defined by the script.
```

It would be nice to also include a wget or git clone command here that they can use.

To run and test the application locally, use the `serve run fruit:deployment_graph` command:

```console
# Terminal window 1:

$ ls
fruit.py

$ serve run fruit:deployment_graph
2022-06-21 13:07:01,966  INFO scripts.py:253 -- Deploying from import path: "fruit:deployment_graph".
2022-06-21 13:07:03,774  INFO services.py:1477 -- View the Ray dashboard at http://127.0.0.1:8265
...
2022-06-21 13:07:08,076  SUCC scripts.py:266 -- Deployed successfully.

```

We can test this graph by opening a new terminal window and making requests to it using `curl`.

```console
# Terminal window 2:

> $ curl -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"PEAR": 2}' "http://localhost:8000/"

Reviewer 3: This curl actually doesn't work because the application expects `["PEAR", 2]`

> ```

Reviewer 2: It's nice to end index pages with instructions on where to go next so the reader isn't left wondering. I would suggest repeating the links from the top of the page with a short prefix to explain the user persona:

1. To learn more about configuring your deployment, go to the [config file page].
2. ...

Author: good idea
